docs: add info about grid smartboxtool and pdfviewer default paramete… (#3678)
telerik/blazor-docs: components/grid/smart-ai-features/ai-smart-box.md

Each settings component can be enabled or disabled individually through its `Enabled` parameter (default is `true`). Each feature also supports history tracking through its respective history settings component.

> Use the `ActiveMode` parameter of `GridToolBarSmartBoxTool` to control which panel is displayed by default when the Grid renders. The parameter accepts a `GridSmartBoxMode` enum value:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the `ActiveMode` parameter of `GridToolBarSmartBoxTool` to control which panel displays by default when the Grid renders. The parameter accepts a `GridSmartBoxMode` enum value:
```

* `GridSmartBoxMode.Search` (default)
* `GridSmartBoxMode.SemanticSearch`

> * `GridSmartBoxMode.AIAssistant`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `Search` (default)
* `SemanticSearch`
* `AIAssistant`
```
